[IMP] Productivity: Discuss Getting Started rewrite (#10580)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/discuss.rst

conversation. Click :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Show Call Settings` to configure voice chat settings.

At the top of the direct message window, click the name of the direct message to change the group
name, and choose to add a description in the adjacent :guilabel:`Add a description` field.

User status
-----------

It is helpful to see what colleagues are up to, and how quickly they can respond to messages, by
checking their *status*. The status is shown on the right side of a contact's name on the sidebar,
on the *messaging menu*, and when listed in the *Chatter*.

- Green = online
- Orange = away
- White = offline
- Airplane = out of the office

Delete a direct message conversation
------------------------------------

To delete direct message conversations, click the :guilabel:`X` next to the name in the
:guilabel:`Direct Messages` section of the sidebar.

.. note::
  This does **not** delete the :guilabel:`Direct Messages` in the conversation. The direct message
  conversation's history is visible when another direct message with the same person, or group, is
  created.

.. _discuss/meetings:

Meetings
========

> In **Discuss**, :guilabel:`Meetings` are video calls. To start a meeting from the **Discuss**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Discuss**, *Meetings* are video calls. To start a meeting from the **Discuss**
```
opting for the use of italics here because you are defining what a term means.

> In **Discuss**, :guilabel:`Meetings` are video calls. To start a meeting from the **Discuss**
> application home page, click :guilabel:`Start a meeting` in the top-left corner, and select who to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Discuss**, :guilabel:`Meetings` are video calls. To start a meeting, click :guilabel:`Start a meeting` in the top-left corner, and select who to
```

invite to the meeting, via the :guilabel:`Invite People` drop-down window that appears. To start a
meeting from a direct message, click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`Start a Call` icon in the

> top-right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
top-right corner.
```

Reviewer: do you think it would be beneficial to mention that the use of microphones and/or video camera on the device being used must be given access to Odoo before a meeting like this could start? That could be a very helpful admonition to include here.

Reviewer: Also, it should be clear that once all desired parties have been selected from the Invite People drop-down menu that appears, that the 'Invite to Group Chat' button must be clicked in order to officially send that invite/remove that pop-up. Also, mention how a copy/paste link to the meeting can be found at the bottom of the pop-up as well.

.. image:: discuss/meeting.png
   :alt: View of a Meeting in Odoo Discuss.

Once a meeting has been started, the buttons on the bottom of the call screen can be used to
:icon:`fa-microphone` :guilabel:`Mute/Unmute`, :icon:`fa-headphones` :guilabel:`Deafen/Undeafen`,

> and :icon:`fa-video-camera` :guilabel:`Turn camera on/off`. Clicking the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v`

Reviewer: it might be useful to separate the look of the buttons for their specific use. For example, when the microphone icon is clicked and the 'Unmute' option is available, the button looks different than just a typical microphone (it's red with a line through it).

Perhaps a list with these icons and their meanings/uses could be helpful in this instance.

:guilabel:`More` icon allows the user to :icon:`fa-hand-paper-o` :guilabel:`Raise Hand`,
:icon:`fa-desktop` :guilabel:`Share Screen`, or :icon:`fa-arrows-alt` :guilabel:`Enter Full Screen`.

.. _discuss_app/notification_preferences:

> Choose notifications preference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose notification preferences
```

===============================

Access user-specific preferences for the **Discuss** app by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings

> app --> Manage Users`, select a user, and then click the :menuselection:`Preferences` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app --> Manage Users`, select a user, then click the :guilabel:`Preferences` tab.
```

.. image:: discuss/preferences-user.png
   :alt: View of the Preferences tab for Odoo Discuss.

By default, the :guilabel:`Notification` field is set as :guilabel:`Handle by Emails`. With this
setting enabled, a notification email is sent by Odoo every time a message is sent from the

> chatter, a note is sent with an `@` mention (from *Chatter*), or a notification is sent for a record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Chatter* of a record, a note is sent with an `@` mention (from the *Chatter* of a record), or a notification is sent for a record
```
the first two elements in this sentence related to the 'Chatter' seem similar (if not identical) -- if they *are* different, I think a rewording of this sentence could be beneficial to help clarify the difference between the two (if there are any). Thanks.

that the user follows.

By choosing :guilabel:`Handle in Odoo`, the above notifications are shown in the **Discuss** app's

> :guilabel:`Inbox`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Inbox*.
```
opting for italics here because, after having the user navigate to a user's form (via the 'Settings' app), they are no longer present in the 'Discuss' app, and therefore, the 'Inbox' section of that application is not being shown on the screen at this very moment -- hence, the necessity for italics in this case.

Chat from different applications
================================

The **Discuss** application enables communication across all of Odoo's applications. To view chats
and channels, or start a new message, select the speech bubbles in the upper-right corner of another

> app in Odoo.

Reviewer: it might be better to reword this in a way similar to : "...select the speech bubbles that are constantly present in the upper-right corner of the database header..." or something along those lines -- because they are still present even when the user is not in an app.

:icon:`fa-search` :guilabel:`Search Messages` to search messages in the conversation. Clicking
:icon:`fa-thumb-tack` :guilabel:`Pinned Messages` shows pinned messages, and clicking
:icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`Show Attachments` shows attachments shared in the conversation.
Click :icon:`fa-user-plus` :guilabel:`Add Users` to invite more people to the direct message
conversation. Click :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Show Call Settings` to configure voice chat settings.

At the top of the :guilabel:`Direct Message` page, click the name of the direct message to change
the group name.

User status
-----------

It is helpful to see what colleagues are up to and how quickly they can respond to messages by
checking their *status*. The status is shown on the left side of a contact's name on the
:guilabel:`Discuss` sidebar, on the *messaging menu* and when listed in the *Chatter*.

- Green = online
- Orange = away
- White = offline
- Airplane = out of the office

Deleting a direct message conversation
--------------------------------------

To delete direct message conversations from the :guilabel:`Direct Message` view, click the

> :guilabel:`X` next to the name of the direct message conversation. This does not delete the
> :guilabel:`Direct Messages` in the direct message conversation. The direct message conversation's
> history is visible when another direct message with the same person or group is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`X` next to the name in the :guilabel:`Direct Messages` section of the sidebar.

.. note::
  This does **not** delete the :guilabel:`Direct Messages` in the conversation. The direct message
  conversation's history is visible when another direct message with the same person, or group, is
  created.
```
think this is best used as a note 👍

.. _discuss/meetings:

Meetings
========

> In *Discuss*, :guilabel:`Meetings` are video calls. To start a meeting from the *Discuss*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Discuss**, *Meetings* are video calls. To start a meeting from the **Discuss**
```

> application home page, click :guilabel:`Start a meeting` in the top left corner. To start a meeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application home page, click :guilabel:`Start a meeting` in the top-left corner, and select who to invite to the meeting, via the :guilabel:`Invite People` drop-down window that appears. To start a meeting
```

from a direct message, click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`Start a Call` icon in the top right.

.. image:: discuss/meeting.png
   :alt: View of a Meeting in Odoo Discuss.

Once a meeting has been started, the buttons on the bottom of the call screen can be used to
:icon:`fa-microphone` :guilabel:`Mute/Unmute`, :icon:`fa-headphones` :guilabel:`Deafen/Undeafen`,
and :icon:`fa-video-camera` :guilabel:`Turn camera on/off`. Clicking the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v`
:guilabel:`More` icon allows the user to :guilabel:`Raise Hand`, :guilabel:`Share Screen`, or

> :guilabel:`Enter Full Screen`.

Reviewer: like above, it might be cool to add these respective icons, as well

Configuration
=============

Selecting :guilabel:`Configuration` at the top of the Discuss homepage triggers a dropdown menu of
options including :guilabel:`Notification` :guilabel:`Voice & Video`, and

> :guilabel:`Canned Responses`.

Reviewer: I'm on the Discuss homepage, and I'm actually not seeing any 'Configuration' option, or any other option. Can you please double-check this to ensure the accuracy of the statement. Do certain access rights need to be enabled for this? Some clarification would be helpful, thanks! 👍

Reviewer: ![Screenshot 2024-08-20 122318](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7fa0b061-c082-420f-884e-331b9217a429)

  conversation's history is visible when another direct message with the same person, or group, is
  created.

.. _discuss/meetings:

Meetings
========

In **Discuss**, :guilabel:`Meetings` are video calls. To start a meeting from the **Discuss**
application home page, click :guilabel:`Start a meeting` in the top-left corner, and select who to
invite to the meeting, via the :guilabel:`Invite People` drop-down window that appears. To start a
meeting from a direct message, click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`Start a Call` icon in the
top-right.

.. image:: discuss/meeting.png
   :alt: View of a Meeting in Odoo Discuss.

Once a meeting has been started, the buttons on the bottom of the call screen can be used to
:icon:`fa-microphone` :guilabel:`Mute/Unmute`, :icon:`fa-headphones` :guilabel:`Deafen/Undeafen`,
and :icon:`fa-video-camera` :guilabel:`Turn camera on/off`. Clicking the :icon:`fa-ellipsis-v`
:guilabel:`More` icon allows the user to :icon:`fa-hand-paper-o` :guilabel:`Raise Hand`,
:icon:`fa-desktop` :guilabel:`Share Screen`, or :icon:`fa-arrows-alt` :guilabel:`Enter Full Screen`.

Configuration
=============

> Selecting :guilabel:`Configuration` at the top of the Discuss homepage triggers a drop-down menu of

Reviewer 2: Hey @ksc-odoo I think there was a miscommunitcaiton with this original draft on this. The Configuration menu was added in 17.2. I am removing the section for now, and will add it back in for 18.

options including :guilabel:`Notification` :guilabel:`Voice & Video`, and :guilabel:`Canned
Responses`.

Select :menuselection:`Configuration --> Notification` to mute a server or adjust the channel's
notification settings.

Select :menuselection:`Configuration --> Voice & Video` to select a voice input device, select
:guilabel:`Voice Detection` or :guilabel:`Push to Talk`, set the voice detection threshold, and
toggle :guilabel:`Show video participants only` and :guilabel:`Blur video background`.

Select :menuselection:`Configuration --> Canned Responses` to configure canned responses.

.. _discuss_app/notification_preferences:

Choose notifications preference
===============================

> Access user-specific preferences for the *Discuss* app by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access user-specific preferences for the **Discuss** app by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings app
```

--> Manage Users`, select a user, and then click the :menuselection:`Preferences` tab.

.. image:: discuss/preferences-user.png
   :alt: View of the Preferences tab for Odoo Discuss.

By default, the :guilabel:`Notification` field is set as :guilabel:`Handle by Emails`. With this
setting enabled, a notification email is sent by Odoo every time a message is sent from the
chatter, a note is sent with an `@` mention (from *Chatter*), or a notification is sent for a record
that the user follows. Something that triggers a notification is changing of the stage (if an email

> is configured to be sent, for example if the task is set to :guilabel:`Done`).

Reviewer: Can you please simplify the wording of this last sentence to enhance its readability, please? Thanks!

> By choosing :guilabel:`Handle in Odoo`, the above notifications are shown in the *Discuss* app's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By choosing :guilabel:`Handle in Odoo`, the above notifications are shown in the **Discuss** app's
```

:guilabel:`Inbox`.

Chat from different applications
================================

> The *Discuss* application enables communication across all of Odoo's applications. To view chats and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Discuss** application enables communication across all of Odoo's applications. To view chats and
```

> channels, or start a new message, select the speech bubbles in the upper right corner of another app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
channels, or start a new message, select the speech bubbles in the upper-right corner of another app
```

+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| Icon                        | Use                            |
+=============================+================================+
| :icon:`fa-microphone`       | :guilabel:`Mute`               |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-microphone-slash` | :guilabel:`Unmute`             |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-headphones`       | :guilabel:`Deafen`             |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-deaf`             | :guilabel:`Undeafen`           |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-video-camera`     | :guilabel:`Turn camera on/off` |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-hand-paper-o`     | :guilabel:`Raise Hand`         |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-desktop`          | :guilabel:`Share Screen`       |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-arrows-alt`       | :guilabel:`Enter Full Screen`  |

> +-----------------------------+--------------------------------+

Reviewer: great addition

.. _discuss_app/notification_preferences:

Choose notification preferences
===============================

Access user-specific preferences for the **Discuss** app by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings
app --> Manage Users`, select a user, then click the :guilabel:`Preferences` tab.

.. image:: discuss/preferences-user.png
   :alt: View of the Preferences tab for Odoo Discuss.

By default, the :guilabel:`Notification` field is set as :guilabel:`Handle by Emails`. With this
setting enabled, a notification email is sent by Odoo every time a message is sent from the
*Chatter* of a record, a note is sent with an `@` mention (from the *Chatter* of a record), or a

> notification is sent for a record that the user follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
notification is sent for a record the user follows.
```

:show-content:
:hide-page-toc:

=======
Discuss
=======

Odoo **Discuss** is an internal communication app that allows users to connect through messages,
notes, file sharing, and video calls. **Discuss** enables communication through a persistent chat

> window that works across applications, or through the dedicated **Discuss** dashboard.

Reviewer 3: Italicize "*Discuss* dashboard" instead of bold/guilabel, since the text is not on the active UI.

Also, suggestion to move the initial navigation instruction here (since the proceeding sections rely on the user being on the dashboard
```suggestion
window that works across applications, or through the dedicated *Discuss* dashboard.

Upon opening the :menuselection:`Discuss app`, the :guilabel:`Discuss` dashboard appears.
```

Inbox, starred, and history
===========================

> Upon opening the :menuselection:`Discuss app`, the :guilabel:`Discuss` dashboard appears.
> 

Reviewer 3: See prev suggestion :)
```suggestion
```

> On the :guilabel:`Discuss` dashboard, unread messages are visible in the :guilabel:`Inbox`.
> :guilabel:`Starred` is where starred messages are stored. :guilabel:`History` shows *Chatter*
> updates for records in the Odoo database the user has been assigned to, or tagged on.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to use icons for each of these section headings to match the UI.

"Chatter" does not need any formatting or capitalization
```suggestion
On the :guilabel:`Discuss` dashboard, unread messages are visible in the :icon:`fa-inbox`
:guilabel:`Inbox`. :icon:`fa-star-o` :guilabel:`Starred` is where starred messages are stored.
:icon:`fa-history` :guilabel:`History` shows chatter updates for records in the Odoo database the
user has been assigned to, or tagged on.
```

Direct messages
===============

*Direct messages* allow the user to communicate privately with one or multiple team members. To
start a new direct message, click the :icon:`fa-plus` icon, next to :guilabel:`Direct Messages` on
the :guilabel:`Discuss` dashboard, and enter the name of the desired person in the :guilabel:`Start
a conversation` search bar that appears.

.. tip::
   Multiple names can be selected in the :guilabel:`Start a conversation` search bar. Once all of
   the names have been entered, press :kbd:`Enter`.

Direct message actions
----------------------

Hover over a direct message in the chat window to see a menu of actions to take on the message.

> .. image:: discuss/direct-message-actions.png
>    :alt: View direct message actions.

Reviewer 3: Move image below text, and replace image– we are already using icons in the written instruction, there is little need to show only the icons again in an image. Instead, I recommend a screenshot of the entire header :)

<img width="467" alt="conversation-actions" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1039ce16-d21b-4e06-9902-0b40e7ebdf39">

```suggestion
```

> Click :icon:`oi-smile-add` to open a drop-down menu of emojis that can be used to react to the
> direct message. Click :icon:`fa-reply` :guilabel:`Reply` to reply to the direct message in a thread.
> Click :icon:`fa-star-o` :guilabel:`Mark as Todo` to add the message to the :guilabel:`Starred` tab.

Reviewer 3: I suggest using a list format for these options, it is easier to read IMO and follows a more consistent layout with the later sections. Please use parentheses for icon descriptions, unless the icon is accompanied with text in the UI. Also recommend to place the image after the text :)
```suggestion
- :icon:`oi-smile-add` :guilabel:`(Add a Reaction)`: open a drop-down menu of emojis that can be
  used to react to the direct message.
- :icon:`fa-reply` :guilabel:`(Reply)`: reply to the direct message in a thread.
- :icon:`fa-star-o` :guilabel:`(Mark as Todo)`: add the message to the :guilabel:`Starred` tab.
- :icon:`fa-ellipsis-h` :guilabel:`(Expand)`: reveals more message actions, including:

  - :icon:`fa-thumb-tack` :guilabel:`Pin`
  - :icon:`fa-eye-slash` :guilabel:`Mark as Unread`
  - :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`Edit`
  - :icon:`fa-trash` :guilabel:`Delete`
  
.. image:: discuss/direct-message-actions.png
   :alt: View direct message actions.
```

> Clicking :icon:`fa-ellipsis-h` :guilabel:`Expand` reveals more message actions, including
> :icon:`fa-thumb-tack` :guilabel:`Pin`, :icon:`fa-eye-slash` :guilabel:`Mark as Unread`,
> :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`Edit`, and :icon:`fa-trash` :guilabel:`Delete`.

Reviewer 3: See previous suggestion
```suggestion
```

Conversation actions
--------------------

The icons in the top-right corner of a direct message conversation represent different actions the
user can take on that conversation.

> .. image:: discuss/conversation-actions.png
>    :alt: View of the conversation actions.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Click :icon:`fa-bell` :guilabel:`Notification Settings` to set up notification preferences for the
conversation, or click :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`Start a Call` to begin a meeting. See the
:ref:`Meetings <discuss/meetings>` section for more information about meetings.

> Click :icon:`fa-search` :guilabel:`Search Messages` to search messages in the conversation.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> Clicking :icon:`fa-thumb-tack` :guilabel:`Pinned Messages` shows pinned messages, and clicking
> :icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`Show Attachments` shows attachments shared in the conversation.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> Click :icon:`fa-user-plus` :guilabel:`Add Users` to invite more people to the direct message
> conversation. Click :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Show Call Settings` to configure voice chat settings.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

At the top of the direct message window, click the name of the direct message to change the group

> name, and choose to add a description in the adjacent :guilabel:`Add a description` field.

Reviewer 3: I recommend placing the image after the written instruction 
```suggestion
name, and choose to add a description in the adjacent :guilabel:`Add a description` field.

.. image:: discuss/conversation-actions.png
   :alt: View of the conversation actions.

```

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Add a description` field is **only** available for group messages with more than
   two participants.

User status
-----------

It is helpful to see what colleagues are up to, and how quickly they can respond to messages, by
checking their status. The status is displayed as a circle in the bottom-right corner of a contact's

> photo.

Reviewer 3: Need to be more specific as to where in the UI this is
```suggestion
photo in the :icon:`fa-users` :guilabel:`(Members List)`.
```

The color of the circle represents the user's status:

- Green = online
- Orange = away
- White = offline
- Airplane = out of the office

> Unpin a direct message conversation

Reviewer 3: To avoid confusion with "Pinned messages", I think it would be best to stick with the terms Odoo has in the UI
```suggestion
Leave a direct message conversation
```

-----------------------------------

> To unpin entire direct message conversations, click the :guilabel:`X` next to the names in the
> :guilabel:`Direct Messages` section of the sidebar.

Reviewer 3: Small term updates and icon formatting
```suggestion
To leave a direct message conversations, click the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(Leave this channel)`
icon next to the conversation name in the :guilabel:`Direct Messages` section of the sidebar.
```

.. note::

>   This does **not** delete the :guilabel:`Direct Messages` in the conversation. The direct message
>   conversation's history is visible when another direct message with the same person, or group, is
>   created.

Reviewer 3: Please scoot the note admonition text another space :)
```suggestion
   Leaving a conversation does **not** delete the direct messages in the conversation. The direct
   message conversation's history is visible when another direct message with the same person, or
   group, is created.
```

.. _discuss/meetings:

Meetings
========

> In **Discuss**, *Meetings* are video calls. To start a meeting from the **Discuss** application home
> page, click :guilabel:`Start a meeting` in the top-left corner, and select who to invite to the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In **Discuss**, *Meetings* are video calls. To start a meeting from the :guilabel:`Discuss`
dashboard, click :guilabel:`Start a meeting` in the top-left corner, and select who to invite to the
```

meeting, via the :guilabel:`Invite People` drop-down window that appears. To start a meeting from a
direct message, click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`Start a Call` icon in the top-right corner.

.. image:: discuss/meeting.png
   :alt: View of a Meeting in Odoo Discuss.

> Once a meeting has been started, the following icons can be used:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once a meeting has been started, the following buttons can be used:
```

+=============================+================================+
| :icon:`fa-microphone`       | :guilabel:`Mute`               |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-microphone-slash` | :guilabel:`Unmute`             |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-headphones`       | :guilabel:`Deafen`             |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-deaf`             | :guilabel:`Undeafen`           |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-video-camera`     | :guilabel:`Turn camera on/off` |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-hand-paper-o`     | :guilabel:`Raise Hand`         |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-desktop`          | :guilabel:`Share Screen`       |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+
| :icon:`fa-arrows-alt`       | :guilabel:`Enter Full Screen`  |
+-----------------------------+--------------------------------+

.. _discuss_app/notification_preferences:

> Choose notification preferences
> ===============================

Reviewer 3: IMO this is a bit more clear :)
```suggestion
User-specific notification preferences
======================================
```

Access user-specific preferences for the **Discuss** app by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings
app --> Manage Users`, select a user, then click the :guilabel:`Preferences` tab.

.. image:: discuss/preferences-user.png
   :alt: View of the Preferences tab for Odoo Discuss.

By default, the :guilabel:`Notification` field is set as :guilabel:`Handle by Emails`. With this
setting enabled, a notification email is sent by Odoo every time a message is sent from the

> *Chatter* of a record, a note is sent with an `@` mention (from the *Chatter* of a record), or a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
chatter of a record, a note is sent with an `@` mention (from the chatter of a record), or a
```

notification is sent for a record the user follows.

By choosing :guilabel:`Handle in Odoo`, the above notifications are shown in the **Discuss** app's
*Inbox*.

Chat from different applications
================================

The **Discuss** application enables communication across all of Odoo's applications. To view chats

> and channels, or start a new message, select the speech bubbles that are consistantly present in the

Reviewer 3: Small typo :)
```suggestion
and channels, or start a new message, select the speech bubbles that are consistently present in the
```

=======

> Odoo *Discuss* is an internal communication app that allows users to connect through messages,

Reviewer: This suggestion from JERO should be implemented during your revisions, too 👍 
Make sure that all mentions of the app name are **bolded**

notes, file sharing, and video calls. *Discuss* enables communication through a persistent chat

> window that works across applications, or through the dedicated *Discuss* dashboard.

Reviewer: same thing here 😄

voice chat settings.

At the top of the :guilabel:`Direct Message` page, click the name of the direct message to change
the group name.

User status
-----------

It is helpful to see what colleagues are up to and how quickly they can respond to messages by
checking their *status*. The status is shown on the left side of a contact's name on the
:guilabel:`Discuss` sidebar, on the *messaging menu* and when listed in the *Chatter*.

- Green = online
- Orange = away
- White = offline
- Airplane = out of the office

Deleting a direct message conversation
--------------------------------------

To delete direct message conversations from the :guilabel:`Direct Message` view, click the
:guilabel:`X` next to the name of the direct message conversation. This does not delete the
:guilabel:`Direct Messages` in the direct message conversation. The direct message conversation's
history will be visible when another direct message with the same person or group is created.

Channels
========

Channels are discussed in :doc:`this documentation<discuss/team_communication>`.

.. _discuss/meetings:

Meetings
========

> In *Discuss*, :guilabel:`Meetings` are video calls. To start a meeting from the *Discuss*

Reviewer: 👀

application home page, click :guilabel:`Start a meeting` in the top left corner. To start a meeting

> from a direct message, click the :icon:`fa-phone` :guilabel:`Start a Call` icon in the top right.

Reviewer: 👀

=============

Selecting :guilabel:`Configuration` at the top of the Discuss homepage triggers a dropdown menu of
options including :guilabel:`Notification` :guilabel:`Voice & Video`, and
:guilabel:`Canned Responses`.

Select :menuselection:`Configuration --> Notification` to mute a server or adjust the channel's
notification settings.

Select :menuselection:`Configuration --> Voice & Video` to select a voice input device, select
:guilabel:`Voice Detection` or :guilabel:`Push to Talk`, set the voice detection threshold, and
toggle :guilabel:`Show video participants only` and :guilabel:`Blur video background`.

Select :menuselection:`Configuration --> Canned Responses` to configure canned responses. More
information on canned responses can be found in the Canned Responses documentation.

.. _discuss_app/notification_preferences:

Choose notifications preference
===============================

Access user-specific preferences for the *Discuss* app by navigating to :menuselection:`Settings app
--> Manage Users`, select a user, and then click the :menuselection:`Preferences` tab.

.. image:: discuss/preferences-user.png
   :alt: View of the Preferences tab for Odoo Discuss.

> By default, the :guilabel:`Notification` field is set as :guilabel:`Handle by Emails`. With this
> setting enabled, a notification email will be sent by Odoo every time a message is sent from the
> chatter, a note is sent with an `@` mention (from *Chatter*), or a notification is sent for a record
> that the user follows. Something that triggers a notification is changing of the stage (if an email

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the :guilabel:`Notification` field is set as :guilabel:`Handle by Emails`. With this setting enabled, Odoo sends a notification email if a message is sent from the chatter, a note is sent with an @ mention (from Chatter), or a notification is sent for a record the user follows. Something that triggers a notification is the changing of the stage (if an email
```

is configured to be sent, for example if the task is set to :guilabel:`Done`).

> By choosing :guilabel:`Handle in Odoo`, the above notifications are shown in the *Discuss* app's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By choosing :guilabel:`Handle in Odoo`, the above notifications are shown in the **Discuss** app's
```

:guilabel:`Inbox`.

Chat from different applications
================================

> The *Discuss* application enables communication across all of Odoo's applications. To view chats and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Discuss** application enables communication across all of Odoo's applications. To view chats and
```

> channels, or start a new message, select the speech bubbles in the upper right corner of another app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
channels, or start a new message, select the :icon:`fa-comments` :guilabel:`(comments)` icon in the upper right corner of any page
```
